#labels Phase-Requirements,Phase-Design,Featured
=Project Summary=

So far we are off to a great start and are ahead of schedule.  We had already completed an acceptable version of the project proposal document.  Continuing to edit it and making minor additions will only make is strong.  Although the proposal is very strong and technical, it is not very presentation friendly.  The ideas we compiled in the document need to summerized into a new document we can present on wednesday.  Creating a powerpoint document will also help create visuals to enchance our project.  We need to finish creating a proposal we can pitch to the class.

=What we need to work on now=

Create an guideline for our presentation on wednesday outlining the topics we what to discuess.  The proposal we have written so far is a strong indicator of the topics we should discuss.  Once we have our topics we can start filling them with relavant content.  A 10 min presentation should be the right amount of length.  Remember to use visuals in powerpoint as a backdrop to help people understand what your talking about.  Be prepared to answer questions and if no questions are asked be ready with some additional comments you'd like to make.  Dress professional for the presentation.

=Tasks=

Damon start summerizing the proposal topics into talking points covering the main ideas.  Set them up in a way we can present to class in a meaningful manner.

Matt create a power point backing up the proposal topics.  Edit the proposal and add anything you feel is missing.

=What we will have to work on soon=

Right after the wednesday presentation we need to being work on the software requirements.  Developing a strong roadmap earlier for the types of things we what to see in the game is critical.

=Comments=

Damon great job on your Tetris Logo

The google code page is https://code.google.com/p/tetrisproject/.  Don't be afraid to leave notes on the wiki to each other.

=Deadlines=

*Wednesday  September 15th we present the proposal to class*