Project Summary:
This was a pretty successful week for us.
 
Damon was able to compile an exhaustive list of many of the design features we would like to see in the game.  He was also able to create a list of various game modes that are challenging and fun.  He was able to order many of the core requirements for what must be in the project, so we at least have a start on what should be in the project.  Damon also starting doing some testing on his own with 3D graphics.  We are able to make 3D blocks in space and move them around currently.  Damon is also working on the Software Design for how to structure the game.
 
Matt was able to put together a template for the software requirements.  He's already begun filling out many of the topics for the requirements.  He was also able to give Damon feed back on his feature list.  XNA 4.0 came out last week and Matt did some testing with it and confirmed it is not something we should be using for this project.  He also found that using the 3D modeling tool Maya may help us create some cool game effects.

Last week went really well.  Our project proposal seemed to be among the best.  Damon great job putting together the topic ideas and the planning the approach for the proposal.  Also good job and helping reedit the full proposal document.  Matt good job and putting together the PowerPoint presentation, especially the videos, they were really slick.  Also good job and assembling the technical specs for the proposal.
  
Tasks:

Damon please write a detailed description for each of the game modes to be implemented.  Also start creating a Software Design for how to structure our code.  Also please download and investigate using Maya for some of our 3D modeling.  Also provide feedback on the requirements document.
 
Matt finish writing the software requirements document.  Also improve upon the requirements checklist.  Start writing the software design template.  Also start writing the software testing template.  Provide feedback on Damon's design ideas as well.
 
Matt and Damon, finish creating a development calendar with deadlines
 
What we will have to work on soon:
Creating 3D Tetris Classic
 

Comments:

We've been saving some uses with the SVN, some of the files aren't fully being committed, please remember to click the checkbox for new unreversioned file types.

The google code page is https://code.google.com/p/tetrisproject/.
Don't be afraid to leave notes on the wiki to each other.

 
Deadlines:
Monday  September 29th requirement documents due (20% of grade)