Project Summary:
Last week went really well.  Our project proposal seemed to be among the best.  Damon great job putting together the topic ideas and the planning the approach for the proposal.  Also good job and helping reddit the full proposal document.  Matt good job and putting together the PowerPoint presentation, especially the videos, they were really slick.  Also good job and assembling the technical specs for the proposal.
 
Now that we are past the proposal part we need to start putting real substance into the project.  We need to start compiling all of our design ideas into a list then the priority of there implementation.  We also need to start writing up a Software Requirements document.  This will act as a roadmap for our development.  We also need to determine the type of development approach and cycles we want to use.  These topics have all been discussed before, but now we need to add them to paper.
What we need to work on now:
Create a list of game features and milestone that need to be accomplished.  This list needs to include all the individual game play modes we are considering creating.  We then need to the list these entries into an order of importance.  We then need to determine the cut for which of these entries are required or optional.  Once we have a good list, we will need to write a detailed description of each feature.
 
We also need to create a template for the Software Requirements and start filling it out.  We can use the detailed descriptions for each feature in our design list.
 
Tasks:
Damon start summarizing all of our design ideas and order them.
 
Matt add to damon's design list and start creating a Requirements template.
 
Matt and Damon, once an ordered design list is created determine the optional requirements cut-off point.  Then begin writing a detail description for each requirement.  Also, discuss development cycles.
 
What we will have to work on soon:

Filling out the Software Requirements template
 
Calculating Development Calendar
Comments:
Outstanding presentation.
The google code page is https://code.google.com/p/tetrisproject/.
Don't be afraid to leave notes on the wiki to each other.
Deadlines:
Monday  September 20th lets have those design ideas done and ordered